doc: standardize config option names with interstitial underscores (#38580)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephfs/client-config-ref.rst

:Type: Integer
:Default: ``4``

``client_readahead_min``

:Description: Set the minimum number bytes that the client reads ahead.
:Type: Integer
:Default: ``131072`` (128KB)

``client_reconnect_stale``

:Description: Automatically reconnect stale session.
:Type: Boolean
:Default: ``false``

``client_snapdir``

:Description: Set the snapshot directory name.
:Type: String
:Default: ``".snap"``

``client_tick_interval``

:Description: Set the interval in seconds between capability renewal and other upkeep.
:Type: Float
:Default: ``1.0`` (seconds)

``client_use_random_mds``

:Description: Choose random MDS for each request.
:Type: Boolean
:Default: ``false``

``fuse_default_permissions``

:Description: When set to ``false``, ``ceph-fuse`` utility checks does its own permissions checking, instead of relying on the permissions enforcement in FUSE. Set to ``false`` together with the ``client acl type=posix_acl`` option to enable POSIX ACL.
:Type: Boolean
:Default: ``true``

``fuse_max_write``

:Description: Set the maximum number of bytes in a single write operation.

>               A value of 0 indicates no change, ie. the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              A value of 0 indicates no change. For example, the
```

Author: I was compelled to clarify this.  I struggled with this phrasing for a while, to be sure I understood what was being expressed.  I don't think "For example" is the best in this case, since we're discussing only one specific value for this one setting that is notable.  I'm pushing an alternative, PTAL
